Update python_script.markdown, help new users find "services" (#17115)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/python_script.markdown

```

- Start Home Assistant

> - Call service (can found at: settings-> scripts -> create new script. At the sequence area in the field action type) `python_script.hello_world` with parameters

Reviewer: The instructions you add to the line, does not correspondent to "Call service". Could you clarify what you are trying to achieve?

Author: I'm trying to help new users find "services".
When you say my assumption is wrong, what would be right?
Where can I find these "services"?

Reviewer: The documentation :)

But this line is not about finding or using either services, it is about calling the created python script from the example. (Hence I don't get what you are trying to say and how this is related to "new" services).

Author: You can create a service to call it afterwards. When you have another idea write it down there.
This discussion shows that it is not clearly defined how a service should be invoked.

Reviewer: Aaah! Got it I think.
So what is meant here, is that after creating you can go to the developer tools -> Services and call it manually there (for the sake of testing your new script).

Suggestion:

```suggestion
- Call your new {% my developer_call_service service="python_script.hello_world" %} service (with parameters) from the {% my developer_services %}. 
```

This will make the `python_script.hello_world` a link, directly to the service panel with the service selected. The last bit, links to the service panel itself with all the services.

Author: Yea, this is what I mean.
